you
Oh
hey guys it's me again I'm back I'm here
to teach you guys that's just the way we
roll and I'm going to deter I already
played it for you now I'm going to teach
you guys really easy um the intro goes
like this eps arp d c d c d see me and
you repeat it f sharp d c d c d c b
that's the intro now for the verses it
goes a little something like this d e f
sharp d e f sharp a a b.a.d e f-sharp d
e f sharp a a B a G f-sharp f-sharp E d
e f-sharp E e d d c sharp bee bee bee
dee dee e.e and that lead into the
course and the course goes d e f sharp
ay ay ay ay ay b day d e f sharp F sharp
G f-sharp G f-sharp G f-sharp d e f
sharp ay ay ay ay ay b c d e f sharp d e
f sharp d e f sharp F sharp e F sharp G
f-sharp E dg3 f-sharp E d D and that's
the course and then the bridge it goes
something like this and it goes d e f
sharp e f-sharp e f-sharp E D G f-sharp
E
d D be then gee gee I've sharp E d D and
then this I'm just going to like tell
you guys how the song goes first you
play the intro then the verse the first
verse and then the course after the
course you're going to play half the
intro so half an intro would be
and then you're going to start the
second verse after the second verse you
play the course right after the chords
to play the bridge and right after the
bridge you play the chorus again once
you play the chorus you're going to play
the intro the full intro once and then
another half so at the very end it's
going to sound like this
and that's it thanks for watching be
sure to comment by
you